It stands to reason that he who would cure a moral ailment must be practically acquainted with it in all its bearings.
Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense.
Discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes.
The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again.
Very few castaways can claim to have survived so long at sea as Mr. Patel, and none in the company of an adult Bengal tiger.
It is not often that someone comes along who is a true friend and a good writer. Charlotte was both.
There was the hum of bees, and the musky odor of pinks filled the air.
If I had a world of my own, everything would be nonsense. Nothing would be what it is because everything would be what it isn't. And contrary-wise; what it is it wouldn't be, and what it wouldn't be, it would. You see?
You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows what they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.
Breathe, breathe in the air. Don't be afraid to care. Leave but don't leave me. Look around, choose your own ground. For long you live and high you fly. And smiles you'll give and tears you'll cry. And all you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be.
I want to leave my footprints in the sands of time. Know there was something that's a meant something that I left behind. The hearts I have touched will be the proof that I have leave that I made a difference and this world will see I was here.
Though my story's seldom told, I have squandered my resistance. For a pocketful of a mumbles such are promises, all lies and jest. Still, a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest.
Esteban stood at the front of the room, staring at the page. Then he lifted his head and looked at us. We cheered again, even louder this time. I don't know if any of us really understood his dad's poem. But for a long time after he'd finished.
Man, do not pride yourself on your superiority to the animals, for they are without sin, while you, with all your greatness, you defile the earth wherever you appear and leave an ignoble trail behind you - and that is true, alas, for almost every one of us!
The more stupid one is, the closer one is to reality. The more stupid one is, the clearer one is. Stupidity is brief and artless, while intelligence squirms and hides itself. Intelligence is unprincipled, but stupidity is honest and straightforward.
Samatha is a state in which the mind is brought to rest, focused only on one item and not allowed to wander. When this is done, a deep calm pervades body and mind, a state of tranquility which must be experienced to be understood.
For me, good design means that when I make a change, it's as if the entire program was crafted in anticipation of it. I can solve a task with just a few choice function calls that slot in perfectly, leaving not the slightest ripple on the placid surface of the code.
Sliding window flow controls are designed to provide reliable services in a more efficient way, using less network bandwidth for acknowledgments. The sliding window technique basically lets the sender transmit multiple packets at a time and use the transmission.
After water, protein is the most plentiful substance in our body; it is an integral part of every living cell. In foods, protein usually comes packaged with fat, and the type of fat determines how "healthy" a protein source is.
What's in your eyes 'cause they talk to me. They know how to read my mind. I get this feeling when you're next to me, it's like joy and summertime. I wanna be your favorite song that will only bring you joy. But now that I never see you.
